Add sponsor company to PR description (#30746)
PrestaShop/PrestaShop: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Please take the time to edit the "Answers" rows below with the necessary information.

Check out our contribution guidelines to find out how to complete it:
https://devdocs.prestashop-project.org/8/contribute/contribution-guidelines/#pull-requests
------------------------------------------------------------------------------>

| Questions         | Answers
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------------
| Branch?           | 8.0.x / develop / 1.7.8.x
| Description?      | Please be specific when describing the PR. <br> Every detail helps: versions, browser/server configuration, specific module/theme, etc. Feel free to add more information below this table.
| Type?             | bug fix / improvement / new feature / refacto
| Category?         | FO / BO / CO / IN / WS / TE / LO / ME / PM
| BC breaks?        | yes / no
| Deprecations?     | yes / no
| Fixed ticket?     | Fixes #{issue number here}.
| Related PRs       | If theme, autoupgrade or other module change is needed to make this change work, provide a link to related PRs here.
| Sponsor company   | Your company name goes here

> | How to test?      | Please indicate how to best verify that change works as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| How to test?      | It is required to indicate how to verify best that the change works as expected unless all the necessary steps are part of the related issue.
```

Author: I'd prefer to keep the message as short as possible. It's probably not necessary to state the "unless" part because people are already doing it.

How about: "Indicate how to verify that this change works as expected".

Reviewer: And I think we should have `How to test` above other less important fields, maybe even after the `Description`

Reviewer: @eternoendless good point

Reviewer: @eternoendless what about moving "How to test"? If people don't want to create issues for every single PR, then this information is critical for committers and QA

Reviewer: @eternoendless, apart from the wording I think it was discussed to move `How to test` a bit higher in the table to make it more visible
